Add method to load data sources into the model. (#532)
calliope-project/calliope: docs/examples/urban_scale/index.md

--8<-- "src/calliope/example_models/urban_scale/model.yaml:import"
```

### Referencing tabular data

> As of Calliope v0.7.0 it is possible to load tabular data completely separately from the YAML model definition that we will move onto next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Calliope v0.7.0 it is possible to load tabular data completely separately from the YAML model definition.
We will move onto this tabular data sources definition next.
```
